src/data/events/2020-12-03_fabric-facility-partner-workshop.md, before:

---
title: FABRIC Facility Partners Workshop
path: /events/facility-partner-workshop-2020
date: 2020-12-03
display_date: December 3-4, 2020
location: The workshop takes place online, invited guests will receive details closer to the event date.
url:
tags: ["FABRIC", "workshop", "NSF"]
fabricHosted: true
seo:
  title: "FABRIC Facility Partners Workshop"
  description: The goal of this workshop is to discuss production details with our partners. We’ll delve into specifics on connectivity and federation, discuss challenges and solutions to early deployment problems, and address initial infrastructure operations.
  keywords: ["FABRIC", "workshop", "NSF"]
---

Over the course of two days, December 3-4, 2020, FABRIC will host its second virtual community workshop.

The goal of this workshop is to discuss production details with our partners. We’ll delve into specifics on connectivity and federation, discuss challenges and solutions to early deployment problems, and address initial infrastructure operations.

This meeting is targeted to facilities who plan to peer with FABRIC moving forward.

We plan to address the following topics over the course these two days:

<b>DAY ONE</b>

<ul>
  <li>FAB (IRNC) & CC* Overview.</li>
  <li>FABRIC Topology Overview. Node Deployment Process. Deployment Schedule.</li>
  <li>Re-Architecture of FABRIC sites.</li>
  <li>FABRIC Peering with External Networks/Facilities and Hosting Site Resources, including L2/L3, Public Cloud Connections.</li>
</ul>

<b>DAY TWO</b>

<ul>
  <li>Data Collection for Operations and Monitoring.</li>
  <li>Enabling Measurement Research.</li>
  <li>Unique cases : FABRIC 'office hours'.</li>
  <li>Lightning topics.</li>
  <li>Experimental Platform Federation.</li>
  <li>Security & Infrastructure Operations.</li>
  <li>Policy Matters - Authorization, Accounts, IP space, Allocation, AUP.</li>
  <li>Breakout Sessions.</li>
</ul>

Please check back in mid-November for an updated agenda and registration. Stay informed by <a href="https://share.hsforms.com/1BWk9L7CNTe-Pp9MdVMdKWQ3ry9k" target="_blank">signing up for our newsletter</a>.

Commit message:

#23: edited event template and enabled customized url label for event pages

src/data/events/2020-12-03_fabric-facility-partner-workshop.md, after:

---
title: FABRIC Facility Partners Workshop
path: /events/facility-partner-workshop-2020
date: 2020-12-03
display_date: December 3-4, 2020
location: The workshop takes place online, invited guests will receive details closer to the event date.
urlLabel: "Open Invite Form"
url: https://share.hsforms.com/1zrfnFUQeR1SeIsecIUaGBA3ry9k
tags: ["FABRIC", "workshop", "NSF"]
fabricHosted: true
seo:
  title: "FABRIC Facility Partners Workshop"
  description: The goal of this workshop is to discuss production details with our partners. We’ll delve into specifics on connectivity and federation, discuss challenges and solutions to early deployment problems, and address initial infrastructure operations.
  keywords: ["FABRIC", "workshop", "NSF"]
---

Over the course of two days, December 3-4, 2020, FABRIC will host its second virtual community workshop.

The goal of this workshop is to discuss production details with our partners. We’ll delve into specifics on connectivity and federation, discuss challenges and solutions to early deployment problems, and address initial infrastructure operations. This meeting is targeted to facilities who plan to peer with FABRIC moving forward.

\* <b>Please read <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O-tKCqAfRAf6uNuq3pmtlHG-zdESz4SSEopXE5OiktM/edit" target="\_blank">FABRIC Workshops Code of Conduct</a> before workshop.</b>

We plan to address the following topics over the course these two days:

<b>DAY ONE</b>

<ul>
  <li>FAB (IRNC) & CC* Overview.</li>
  <li>FABRIC Topology Overview. Node Deployment Process. Deployment Schedule.</li>
  <li>Re-Architecture of FABRIC sites.</li>
  <li>FABRIC Peering with External Networks/Facilities and Hosting Site Resources, including L2/L3, Public Cloud Connections.</li>
</ul>

<b>DAY TWO</b>

<ul>
  <li>Data Collection for Operations and Monitoring.</li>
  <li>Enabling Measurement Research.</li>
  <li>Unique cases : FABRIC 'office hours'.</li>
  <li>Lightning topics.</li>
  <li>Experimental Platform Federation.</li>
  <li>Security & Infrastructure Operations.</li>
  <li>Policy Matters - Authorization, Accounts, IP space, Allocation, AUP.</li>
  <li>Breakout Sessions.</li>
</ul>

Please check back in mid-November for an updated agenda and registration. Stay informed by <a href="https://share.hsforms.com/1BWk9L7CNTe-Pp9MdVMdKWQ3ry9k" target="_blank">signing up for our newsletter</a>.
